Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Okay, amigos.
Vámonos.
Fuck me.
Comienza con la basura.
Kapish?
Fucking Christ!
Jesus Christ!
Hey.
Hey. Hey, wake up.
Who the hell are you?
Come on, you gotta get up.
What do you mean who the hell am...
I'm sleeping here. Who the hell are you?
Yeah, I see that, but you gotta get up.
Come on. Get up.
- What day is this?
- Monday.
Monday?
- Come on, get up. Let's go.
- Yeah, it's okay. It's alright.
It's not alright. Get up.
You gotta get up. Come on. Let's go.
Sheila's a friend of mine.
She lives here. I always stay here.
- I don't know who Sheila is.
- It's okay. It's fine.
- Whoever was here was evicted, alright?
- It's fine, it's fine.
It's not fine.
Come on, get up. Let's go.
Monday.
- What're you doin'?
- She's comin' back.
- There's nobody comin' back, buddy.
- She told me she's coming back.
I'm just gonna wait here.
There's nobody here. Didn't you notice
nobody lives here? How'd you get in here?
Hey, listen to me, buddy,
you got two minutes, alright?
- Do what you gotta do, then you gotta go.
- No, no, no, no, no, no. No.
Can't do. There are laws.
She's gonna take you to court case. No.
Cannot do.
She's comin' back here soon.
She'll be fine.
- Alright, that's it. You gotta go.
- I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm okay.
I wanna stay here. She wanted me
to wait here for her.
- So I'll stay here.
- Nobody comin' back.
- You wanna wait, wait outside.
- She's comin' back. She's not gonna lie to me.
I'm here with her. This is my home.
This... this is my home.
Wait outside. You don't live here,
alright? I'm serious.
What're you doin'?
Did... did she...
Did she leave a number?
- I don't even know who you're talking about?
- An address or something? Anything?
- No. Time to go.
- Sheila.
Let's go.
Well, where's my...
where's my stuff? Where's my stuff?
I don't know where your stuff is.
Look around and then you gotta get out.
Come on.
- Hey.
- Is everything alright?
- Yeah. It's a pigsty.
- You're kidding, right?
No, I'm tellin' you.
Well, I'm goin' upstairs now.
The whole ceiling has collapsed...
Hold on. I'll call you back.
Hello?
Anybody in there?
Anybody home?
Hello?
What do you want me to say?
I mean, he's your dad too.
He's gotta eat.
If he doesn't eat, then what?
You have to stay there.
It takes him, like, an hour and half
but that's what it takes.
- 2500?
- I said 2500.
- Oh, give me a fuckin' break.
- Give you a break?
This guy. Not now, buddy. I told you,
I'm sorry. I can't help you, alright?
I just wondered, could I borrow
some money? Someone took my wallet.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry whatever happened.
I just wanna find my lady.
I wanna find her...
You're not gonna find her here.
I told you she's gone. What are you doin'?
- What are you doin'? Come on.
- Thank you, mister. Thank you.
- What the fuck did you do that for?
- What do you care?
Come on, work with me, alright?
I can't do it for less than 4500.
- 2500.
- You want half a job?
- Look, just do it for 25.
- You want me to do half the work?
What... Look, just do it for 25.
You know, put me down for 25.
You know? You think you can.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
Yeah.
You know there are options.
I've told you that so many times.
You know what?
You and me, we need to go out.
Tonight. We can go... I'm sorry?
How about Saturday?
Me and you, we can hit that spot...
How crazy is that?
Hey.
Hello.
Yes.
Who is it?
Quién es?
- Stop ringing that bell whoever you are.
- I'm sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
It's just some guy. Don't worry about it.
Relax. I'm gonna take care of it, alright?
Thanks.
Jesus Christ!
Hey. Hey!
- Come on. Wake up.
- Oh, good. I wanted to talk to you.
I spoke to Sheila. I spoke to Sheila.
She said, you know, that we should
stay here and wait with her. She's...
- Wait outside, okay?
- She... she's...
- Come on. You gotta get up.
- I spoke to her. She was on a payphone.
Go outside and wait. You can't wait here.
You can't sleep here.
You cannot come back here.
Alright? Let's go. Come on.
Hey. You alright?
What's the matter?
- Hey, look.
- Cut me some slack, man.
Come on. Come on. I'm not bothering
anybody. I'm not bothering anybody.
You're scaring the neighbors.
Alright? Come on.
Get some sleep.
Okay, okay.
Get some sleep. Get some sleep.
Get some sleep.
- Go!
- Jesus!
- Hey!
- You nailed him!
I don't think so.
- Really?
- No.
Do you think we could, please?
Hey. Hey, guys.
Could I borrow some money?
Hey, somebody stole my wallet.
I just I want to get a metro card.
I just need it for a metro card,
that's all.
Bird and the bees.
If you horny, you horny.
Now, look. I get horny. Oh, now...
Keep your belongings in sight
at all times. Protect yourself.
If you see a suspicious package
or activity on the platform or train...
Can I just have your attention
for a couple of minutes.
I just need a little bit of help.
I have a couple of small children
and I wanna go and visit my husband
who hasn't seen the kids in a while.
He's not doing that well.
Have it in your hearts
to just give me a little something.
Shit.
If you want to calm
your anxiety in your case,
you try to lose a bit of weight,
it could be whatever you like.
One thing you can do is...
run it through water, running water
or if you're going camping,
in a river...
- Happy.
- Really?
- Am I making you happy?
- Yeah.
Are you sure? You were saying,
"No, no, no, no, no."
I thought I was making you mad.
Stop, stop.
- Oh, well, that's a friendly hello.
- Yeah.
- I needed a little bit of the old...
- You like that? Do that again.
Do that again, do it again. Do it again.
Kiss one of these? Kiss one of those.
It's pretty much a sweet spot, so...
So bloody good.
- They love music.
- The women are beautiful.
They actually care.
Not like here. They...
They don't care as much about...
Robert?
Robert.
Robert? Vanilla half caff soy latte.
You're gonna be around
next time I come back?
Yeah.
I'm kind of constantly around,
it's funny.
Yeah? Well, it's good to know.
Yo.
Man.
Look, I feel like you're gonna be late.
- No, that's okay.
- I'm gonna be late, man.
- You should come have a drink with me.
- Oh, no, I can't, babe. I got to go.
I got responsibilities and such. But...
- But I got...
- Just stay.
Got to grab a taxi.
Alright, call me up.
Alright. But I promise I will call you
when I get back to the city, alright?
- Yeah, it was fun.
- Alright.
No, okay, well... put her on the phone.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, please.
- Hold on.
- Okay.
No, come on.
I'm serious.
Hold on.
- Hello?
- I'm back.
I wanna go...
Hey, I can't really talk right now.
Yeah.
I've got a... I've got a...
I've got a drink inside.
What? What is it?
I agree. It's... it is very important.
It's just now is not a good time.
What? What is it? What do you...
what do you want to say?
Hey! You alright?
- You're waiting for somebody or what?
- No, no, no.
- Can I help you?
- No. No, no, no. No.
You can... have right now? I'm just...
Out. I'm... out, out.
Yes! Yes!
Reinforcements have arrived.
- How are you? You're good?
- I'm good.
Misunderstanding 'cause I don't think
I was accusing you of anything.
The way that I talk to you?
I was just upset.
It's like 2 in the morning and...
I want to go to bed with you
and not wanting to fight.
- Let me talk to you a second.
- Sorry. You want to talk?
- No, I'm talking to someone.
- Hold on a second.
You see the barmaid, the blonde?
Would you give these to her?
It'll make her very happy.
- You want me to give these to this...
- Yeah. It's good. It's good.
It's good.
- What is this?
- It's good. You give them to her.
Okay.
- Okay?
- Yeah, I just... okay. Thank you.
Shit.
Someone just gave me pictures to give
to... look, I got to go. It's loud.
There's fire trucks
and I'm just gonna go, okay?
I'm... let me call you... let me
call you when I'm done, okay?
I'll call you... I'll call you
when I'm leaving.
Okay? Okay. Okay.
- Maggie.
- Yep.
This guy gave me
these pictures to give you.
Is that you?
This... this little girl,
looks like you.
What?
What are they?
You alright?
Yeah, I'm all good.
We need pint glasses.
Get it. Go. Make it happen.
Hi. What's up?
Just watch me, okay?
This homeless guy is in here.
Oh, for cryin' out loud.
You want me to come in there?
- No, I want you to watch.
- What am I watching?
If my throat gets slit, you tell my mother
it was because you were too lazy
to come in here.
- I'm gonna... I'll come in there...
- No! Don't! Are you crazy?
Don't leave Tucker in the car
by himself. Just watch me.
I told you I could pick up the money in
the morning. How does that make me lazy?
- What's happening?
- You want some help?
What's happening?
Sir?
Sir, wake up. You alright?
You're in the emergency room.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
You feeling alright?
Yeah. I'm fine, I'm fine.
Sir, do you remember how you got here?
Are you waiting for anyone, love?
Yeah, yeah, yes.
I guess they left already.
I fell asleep.
- Well, can I help you in any way?
- No, no, I'm fine. I'll be fine. Thank you.
You know there's a food pantry
in the mornin'
at St. Bart's on 51st Street
if you're hungry.
When I call, they usually bring around
some food about half five at night.
No, I don't, I...
I think I better go home.
I'm just a little bit...
Sheila is gonna be worried sick.
I better get back.
You don't have to go. You can stay.
No one will bother you here.
Don't tell anybody I told you
that though, okay?
My grandmother
on my mother's side was Irish.
Just enough.
Do you like it here?
- You mean the hospital or...
- No, no, no, America.
You know, your accent. You haven't
been here very long, have you?
- Long enough.
- Yeah.
No, I like it here.
I like it when I can get some sleep
which should be hopefully very soon.
Yeah.
You know...
I've always been really,
very good with women.
Women have always...
been incredibly kind to me.
And... I really have no...
place to go right now and...
I'm not a bum. I'm clean.
I'm a very, very clean guy.
I'm not a bad guest, really.
I just... I'm in between.
Sorry.
See you next week.
- Alright.
- Okay, later.
Yeah, see you later.
...and all those other terrorist
groups are watching all this.
How the Hollywood media is doing...
it's getting into our homes and our...
Okay.
She said she's gonna look
over my resume.
Well, they should get back to me,
I guess, in a day or so.
I know. I hope I get in too.
- No.
- No?
It's a little bright.
Are you here for English
as a second language?
Meditation Mondays?
Oh, I'm just looking for a coat.
Hey! Hey, listen, you can't stay here.
- It's not a Code Blue night.
- It's okay. It's alright.
- No, it's not a Code Blue night.
- I'm just sitting here.
No, no, no. No, you can sleep here
if it's 32 degrees below.
- But it's not 32 degrees below. Come on.
- Do you need to see a doctor?
- No, he does not...
- If you're not feeling well...
- If you need some medical treatment.
- What temperature is it outside?
It's more than 32.
You have to go. I'm sorry, sir.
- There's wind chill. No.
- Please, sir.
- There's a really bad wind.
- No. Listen...
I can't do anything about it.
Please don't make my life miserable.
- I'm not bothering anybody here.
- It does not mat...
- Do you know where Bellevue is?
- You can stay here.
The homeless intake center? Go there.
- It's 30th and 1st Avenue.
- I can't believe this. There's nobody here.
It doesn't matter.
I don't wanna get in trouble.
I'm sorry, sir, about your situation.
Just please go.
- I don't wanna have to call the cops.
- Sorry.
Thank you.
What? I can't. No.
And I said... I told her, I told her.
A couple of days ago my husband
found out where I live.
And he tossed me around the kitchen
and I hurt my back too.
Come on.
And I told her and I was hurt.
That's it. I made a mistake.
I made a mistake. Stupid.
As you enter the facility
please take all outerwear off.
Belts off.
All items out of your pockets.
Remove all hats, scarves.
Any unauthorized items,
please get rid of them now.
As soon as your stuff
goes through the machine
an officer will instruct you
to walk through the metal detector.
Once your stuff is cleared from the x-ray
machine please bring the bin back,
get yourself set up and ready
for check in. Thank you.
One at a time. One at a time.
Sir, please remember to remove all items
and your belt please. Thank you.
Look, all I... I'm just looking for a...
place for a couple of nights
'cause it's over 32 degrees outside.
- Look... that's...
- Just a little while.
That's not what I'm asking.
Okay? I'm looking for your name.
I wanna see if you've been already
assigned a shelter. Don't bust my balls.
No, no, I'm sorry. I...
Look, can I just get...
a bed for one night.
- Do you have any form of ID?
- No. I don't.
Do you have anybody you can call? Anybody
you could stay with? A friend's couch?
- I don't have... I don't have anyone.
- Nothing?
Look, are you filled up or something?
Bec... is that...
I could come back later
if it's... if that's better.
- There's no later.
- No.
The law says we have to give you a bed.
Yeah. Okay. Well, I could...
Any place is fine. Anything you got.
I mean the floor is fine with me.
I just need a blanket. A blanket
makes me sleep better. I like a blanket.
- Okay, you'll stay here tonight in a bed.
- Okay. Good.
We'll evaluate you. If you qualify,
you'll be assigned a permanent shelter.
A what?
- A place where you could stay.
- Permanent?
It's up to you. We have all kinds.
It's been a long time since I had a job.
It's been many years. I'm...
I'm too old to be hired.
No one's gonna hire me like...
not like I am. I'm just... I'm...
I'm really no good right now.
Well...
Look at me, man.
9/11 blew my brains out.
I had to crawl out of a ditch.
If you know what I mean.
I don't know what you mean.
I was on your side of the glass once.
Yeah.
So how much is it?
- What?
- A bed, how much is a bed tonight?
- For one night?
- No. Listen...
'Cause I don't have much.
I don't have... I don't have...
Matter of fact I don't have anything.
I'm kind of in between...
Have a seat.
Why?
I'll kill you! I don't care! You can
give me the death penalty. I don't care!
What up, man? Look,
back up off me, back up off me!
- You don't care about me!
- Are you okay?
They sent me here. He says I gotta go back!
That's not fair! That's not fair!
You're not listening to me.
Listen to what I'm saying!
Listen! He said that
I'm supposed to come here.
They sent me here! They sent me...
Back up! Back up off me, okay?
- Listen to what I'm saying!
- I don't care! I'm out of here.
He said if I go back,
I'm gonna kill you!
Look, you're not listening to me.
What are you doing?
I can't do that. I'll kill him.
I swear I'll kill him.
- I got diabetes. He don't care! He don't care!
- Can we get you somethin' to eat?
He don't even got that.
He don't respect me.
They sent me from...
They said come here.
They said come here. He said go back.
He said after one more night
I can come back here.
- I got diabetes.
- Damn it. Fuck!
He's trying to kill me!
Where did you live last?
I... I've been moving around
for a while.
No, sweetie, where...
did you come from... before here?
- Where was the last place you resided...
- Sheila's.
Oh, Sheila. So where's Sheila?
Queens? I don't know.
- Could you go back there and stay...
- No, no, she was gone. She was evicted.
She... she... she didn't say goodbye.
She didn't take it to court.
She didn't do anything.
Stupid cow. She knew
I had no place to go.
Okay, so no staying with the cow.
How about family? You got a family?
If I say I have a family
does that mean I can still stay here?
Yes, unless they'd be willing
to take you in.
- I don't have a family.
- Okay, come on, darling...
You would much rather stay
with your family than stay here,
you understand what I'm sayin'?
Mr. Hammer, please,
trust me on that one.
Hammond, Hammond, George Hammond.
- Sorry, darlin'. I'll change that one.
- I just want a bed to sleep on.
I don't have enough money to stay
in a hotel. I don't have a family.
You never married?
Handsome man like yourself.
I'm not handsome.
Maybe I was.
I was married once.
She's no longer with me.
- Breasts.
- Excuse me?
Breast. She had breast cancer.
One. Then the other one.
She's... she died. She's gone.
- Sorry about that.
- It's okay.
It's alright. We had been
divorced for many years.
How about children?
You got any children?
One.
One girl.
Daughter. She know you're here?
Give her a call?
Yeah, daughters and daddy's
special relationship.
I love my daddy, sure did.
He was...
I just worshiped the ground he walked on.
He could do no wrong in my eyes.
He was a rock.
I don't know where she is.
I... haven't seen her in a while.
Anyway she doesn't want me.
She doesn't...
She wouldn't want me. She's not one
of those daughters. She doesn't...
adore me. She doesn't...
worship the ground I walk on. I...
I didn't pay much attention to her.
My mind was on somethin' else.
On somethin' else? Like what?
I'm just a fuck up. Probably always was.
Alright. So...
are you and have you been addicted
to any legal or illegal substances?
And please don't lie.
I just want a place to sleep, please.
- We will have to do a psychiatric evaluation.
- I just want a place to sleep...
I'm addicted to sleep.
And you will be evaluated
with the social history within...
I'm gettin' the idea, I don't feel like
you want me to be here. Is that true?
'Cause I'm feelin' like
you want me to go away.
- I want what's best for you.
- You want what's...
You have no idea who I am. You don't
know me. How can you possibly...
How are you gonna know
what's best for me?
Why do you think I'm asking you
all these questions?
Look, I am starving, I...
I need to sleep. I have no answers.
Put down anything you want,
I'm sure you know...
- Do you see this?
- ...all the answers to everything.
These are meal vouchers.
Okay? Now, I can give you one of these.
You get a meal,
let you back into the shelter.
Missed dinner, but you're gonna have
breakfast tomorrow at 6 a.m.
And if you're really good,
I might get you a sandwich.
- Okay.
- But I need you to answer my questions.
You willing to answer my questions?
Come on, handsome.
Answer my questions.
- What room were you assigned?
- To W... room 72.
Up the stairs, to the right.
Excuse me.
Alright, wake up.
Let's go, time to wake up.
Wait a minute, wait a minute,
wait a minute, wait a minute.
The world is not gonna help you!
God will help you! God cares about you.
No, no, no, they sent me from Bellevue.
- You got any food on you, man?
- No, no, no.
You bring any food in, you're out.
No fighting, no spilling,
no stealing and no sex.
Curfew's at 10:30.
Snooze, you lose your bed.
Out by 8 a.m.
Go upstairs.
Hey, come here.
- Hey, man, time's up.
- Sorry.
White ass, there ain't
no time limit on showers.
What are you?
You the water authority all of a sudden?
Hey, I'm sick and tired
of waiting, okay?
Yo, man, you ain't got to lie...
I don't know him. I don't know.
Mind your own business.
- What?
- It's my bed.
- No, it's not...
- It's my bed, it's my bed.
They gave it to me.
I just got here. Okay?
I'm Jack.
It's nice to meet you too.
What's the matter?
You afraid of me, newbie?
Afraid I'll take your things?
Afraid I'd fuck you up or something?
Why would I fuck with you?
No, you fuck up, you go
to next step shelter which is...
you know, last step shelter really and then
you're up shit creek without a paddle.
And they can kick you out for a year.
They can't deny you a bed
if you don't fuck up.
So you gotta learn to play their game.
That's why I play it cool.
- I know you are not sleeping.
- What the hell is this?
An Aryan nation brotherhood meeting?
They don't give a shit
who they let in these days.
Why don't you pull up your pants?
Why don't you go to hell?
- What'd he mean by that?
- I thought you were asleep.
- I am asleep. I was...
- Oh, you're asleep?
Why did he say that?
Oh, he's a fucking racist. That's why.
Stop payin' attention to him.
We got white people in this system.
More than you think.
Yeah, not more than them, but...
Yeah, there's more of us on the street.
That's the pride of the white man.
Shelters are like prisons.
You know, just a fucking rat in a cage.
This place is shit.
It's designed to be shit.
You read the Bible?
I read the Bible. "That which is crooked
cannot be made straight."
So now, here we are.
Anyway, I don't care.
I don't care. They don't have
any power over me. You know.
I gotta go to bed.
I got work in the morning.
You got a job? Work?
Yeah, I got a job.
Just because I sleep in this fucking bed
doesn't mean I'm like some
fucking lowlife scumbag
begging for change on the street.
Damn.
Just one moment.
Okay.
Now... let's see.
Can you... can you tell me something?
Is there a way to get some money here?
Oh, yeah. You get a job.
Or get on welfare
or Social Security or disability
or food stamps or...
The purpose of this evaluation is to see
what kinda services you're eligible for.
You know...
psychiatric, substance abuse...
whatever or what not.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Are you alright?
I'm lost.
You're here because I'm gonna
evaluate you so I can help you out,
so I can see what services I can get you.
How I can take care of you.
I'm sorry, one second.
Let me just take care of this. Shit.
Sorry.
Shit. Boyfriend troubles.
You know what I'm saying?
- Have a nice day...
- Have a nice day?
You have a fucked up day! You ain't
got no right to talk to me this way.
I live here! I live here
like everybody else does.
You ain't got no right to say this thing
to me. Treat me the way you do.
Act like I'm gonna rat on these boys here.
These men are my brothers.
You don't know that shit?
You don't live here with us, that's why.
If you know what to say,
you don't know shit.
- Don't matter what you say to me.
- You don't know shit.
- You gotta learn how to talk to me.
- I gotta learn how to talk...
- You got to learn to act! You hear me?
- Take care, Mr. Turner.
Take care? You got your nerve, man.
You got your goddamn nerve.
You give me some cigarette,
you think I'm gonna rat on people.
These are my people.
These are my brothers.
You sit up there, try to be like
the grand master of this here place.
You ain't shit, Mike.
What do you want? Do you want something?
You're the new guy. Dixon Turner.
- Attorney at law. I want to represent you.
- I don't have anything.
- I don't know what you want from me?
- I'm just kidding. I'm a jazz man.
You know, I'm a musician.
I play... I play good too.
- Yeah. Yeah. Where you going?
- I'm go... I'm going.
Oh, I'll walk with you. Come on.
Come on, I'll walk with you.
Done much walking
since you been reduced?
- I'm not reduced.
- Yeah, you reduced. Refined.
- Relocated. Remitted. Replaced.
- I don't know what that means. I'm not reduced.
Whatever they call homeless,
that's what you are.
- I'm not homeless either.
- Yeah, you're homeless.
What... what number are we?
What number we got?
Yeah.
Listen, listen, George,
you got any children?
I got 2 sons...
so they tell me.
Army, marines. Good boys. Good boys.
And I got a daughter...
though she didn't make it.
Human Im... Immuno...
Immuno...
You know, HIV... took her.
Baby didn't stand a chance.
And I got another daughter.
They say between 1975 and 1976.
But you know how it is being a musician
on the road makin' music.
White powder. Cocaine, heroin.
And a few other things too.
Ended up right where you thought
you'd never be but here I am.
Here I am. So, hey, hey, listen to this.
Well, do you know that every...
human male...
That's a man, like you and me.
Makes enough sperm in 2 weeks to impregnate
every ovulating woman on this planet?
That's a fact, man.
I heard it once from this doctor
I was hanging out with...
on the streets.
He was a meth head. You know, tweaker.
He worked at Harlem
and did these tests...
tuberculosis tests at the Harlem Hospital.
You know, he let them inject him...
for McDonald coupons.
Can you believe that?
But he... he dead now.
So I don't see him anymore.
He was killed by this transvestite
he was seein' on and off.
More often on, if you know
what I'm talkin' about.
A real doctor with a real MD
until he lost his license.
He was a brain... brain man.
Every 2 weeks.
Every fertile female on the planet.
You know, the only thing I do
for pleasure these days
is have myself a Coca Cola.
Coca Cola is my only...
Yeah.
Sometimes, Pepsi.
Hey, you know what,
I played for Bill Evans once.
You know who it is, don't you?
Bill Evans, jazz man.
I played for him once
about 10 blocks from here.
He said, I played okay.
Can you believe that? That's like
Michelangelo sayin', he sayin'...
he admires your paint job
on the ceilin'.
I played okay. Bill Evans.
Shit.
Damn, we're gonna be here all day.
Okay, do you have any I.D. that proves
that you're a citizen of the United States?
What? No. Not on my person.
I don't have it, no. No, I'm sorry.
It's okay. Look, can you get it
and come back?
I don't know where it is.
Alright, what's your
social security number?
Okay, okay.
- 930...
- No.
- 05...
- Sir, that's not right.
I think.
- 930?
- 9... no.
- 93005...
- It's not correct.
The first digit can't be 9, sir.
- 093?
- Oh, boy.
093051120.
I think. I... 093?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I can't.
I can't remember. I have a hard time
with numbers. I... I have...
- remembering problems